MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Amtgard

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Jesus Salang, or any person, company, or entity working with him, working for 
him, associated with him, working in cahoots with him, or working in 
conjunction with him shall be subject to a licensing fee of no less than 
$100,000 per year, per copy or $10,000 per day, per copy, including any digital
copies requried for transfer of this software over any transfer medium, 
including any part or whole portion copied into the memory of any subsystem 
used in the transfer of the software by drive media or networking media. The 
minimum licensing period shall be one week per copy. The determination of this 
licensing provision shall be made solely by Noah Smith (aka Megiddo).

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
